{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16180\viewh12880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 There's No I In "Team"
\fs24 \
\
Installation:
\b0 \
\
OSX: Copy the .app file to your Application directory.\
Windows: No installer, just run the exe.\
\

\b Contact:
\b0 \
\
For problems, bug reports or comments, please email David Koontz at david@koontzfamily.org\
\

\b Platforms:
\b0 \
\
Tested on Windows XP and OSX 10.5\
\

\b Players:
\b0  4\
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There\'92s No I In \'93Team\'94 is a 4 player co-operative game where each player takes on one of the critical roles of a ship in distress.  Under time constraint and limited resources the players must work to maximize their efficiency and navigate the obstacles that stand between them and the warp gate.  Each of the four roles are distinct and all are critical to making it to the exit in time.\
\
The game emphasizes human interaction and communication.  The play experience is heavily shaped by the participants as they struggle to find ways to coordinate their actions and communicate.  As with anything there are two sides and cooperation can be easily replaced with blame and finger pointing.  That is the flip side of There\'92s No I In \'93Team\'94.  It is interesting to watch the interaction as 4 people play through the game, at various points each being the critical element in the group\'92s success.\
\
The game did develop a bit on the complex side, second play-thoughts tend to be more successful than first runs.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Controls:\

\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is a 4 player game.  Each player controls 1 of the stations on the ship.  The 4 stations are engines (moves the ship), weapon (defends the ship with a laser), engineer (recharges the ship's power), and navigator (has access to the level map).\
\
You can configure the input on the launch screen.  By default each player uses the A button of their own XBox 360 controller.  Alternatively you can use the following keyboard keys.\
\
T - Engines\
W - Weapon\
P - Engineer\
N - Navigator\
Escape - Quits the game\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Credits:
\b0 \
Code and art by David Koontz\
Game design by David Koontz with input from Crystal Koontz and the students of the Art Institute of Phoenix\
Background provided by the Hubble Space Telescope via STScl (http://hubblesite.org)\
Sound effects created with CFXR}